# SPYN-Starter

>sudo pip3.6 install --upgrade git+https://github.com/Xilinx/SPYN-starter.git

Directories and Licenses:

images : The folder cointains images that are used in the jupyter notebooks.

notebooks : The folder contains jupyter notebooks which are used to control the motor. These files were created in house at Xilinx and leverage the PYNQ project.

PYNQ Project : https://github.com/Xilinx/PYNQ

PYNQ Project License : BSD 3-Clause License https://github.com/Xilinx/PYNQ/blob/master/LICENSE


spyn: The folder contains all the bitstream and library files. The files are organised into two subfolders. 
  
spyn/lib: The folder contains files that form the library for the SPYN-Starter project. The files were created by Xilinx.

spyn/overlays: The folder cointains the bitsream and the tcl file. The bitstream (eddp.bit) was generated by using the IIoT-EDDP project.

IIoT-EDDP : https://github.com/Xilinx/IIoT-EDDP
IIoT-EDDP License : BSD 3-Clause License https://github.com/Xilinx/IIoT-EDDP/blob/master/LICENSE.txt 

SPYN-Starter License: BSD 3-Clause License

Copyright 2018 Xilinx, Inc.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

